The Joe Rogan experience.
Like they're telling people not to scream at Disneyland. Do you know that? Yeah.
Yeah. They told me when you go on rides, don't scream. Like, okay,
I'm going to mime it. I'm going to wow. That's.
That's.
So they also tell you to keep your arms and hands.
Down and no one ever, no one ever does that. Right? Yeah. I hope people scream,
set a protest. They're probably going to stop people from screaming.
Now they're probably going to tell people, because, you know, look,
they don't want an inspector to come there and say, Hey, people are screaming.
We're going to shut this place down. You know,
they've Disneyland has been closed for a year and they're losing some insane
amount of money. It's like $300 million a day or something crazy.
Like it's nuts. I might've made that number, pull that right out of my.
How much money is Disneyland losing per day while Disneyland's being closed?
I think it might be a hundred million. I really do. I think.
Isn't that?
What it cost for a chiro at Disneyland chooses a chiro at Disneyland,
a hundred million dollars.
It's less than that.
Yeah. There's got to.
Let's guess before I say a hundred million, what do you say? Um.
I'll say 50 million. Okay.
I like what you're doing prices, right? Let's go.
I just have no idea. A hundred million seems like you guessed a million.
I would have been like, maybe I would probably guessed half of that.
That just seems like so much.
It's way more than a million. Disneyland is huge and it's really expensive.
And then you've got Disneyland and California adventure on the same part.
I've barely, I can count on one hand.
The amount of times I've had more than $2,000 at once in my life.
So I don't have a concept of what a million dollars.
It's a lot of money, but it's not a lot of money. If you run it Disneyland,
I that's probably their rent. What do you got Jamie.
Giving me just Disney's overall disease. A gigantic company.
So it's not breaking it down just for Disney.
Did you write Disneyland is losing. Yes. Yes.
I'm looking at how much is Disneyland's daily revenue and then.
No, no, no, no. Just say how much is Disneyland losing per day.
Disney,
the company and how much they lost in China and Orlando and the TV channels.
Have you write Disneyland? Yes. I know there was an article.
Jamie will get it. I know he will. I have faith that.
There's gotta be like a middle ground. You know, there.
Like let people do whatever the they want.
And like put those little dots where people can stand a little bit further
apart. I think we should have been doing that anyway.
I've always thought handshaking was disgusting.
I think we should all stop shaking hands for the rest of our lives.
When I was looking back at my old material, I found two separate bits.
I tried to write about how shaking hands is nasty before
COVID. I didn't even realize I felt that strongly about it, except that I did.
I was always like a fist bumper or like better yet.
Don't touch me after shows. You don't have to touch me, dude.
I've had men kiss me on my mouth after shows.
I've had people like grab my stomach after show.
I've like people put their hands on me and try to touch me. And I'm like,
we don't it's it's.
It's just you and your man. How many.
One took me awhile to add that up? I tried to fish.
I was like, I mean, men have kissed me on my face.
One guy kissed me on my mouth,
but I was pushing him off of me and yelling stop. What the are you doing?
And like the people with them were like laughing. And I was like,
what the is your problem? This is not. I snapped on him.
I yelled at him and then I didn't shake anyone's hands after that.
That's the difference between being a woman comic and being a male comic dudes
have never tried to kiss me. I've never had a guy. Just me.
Honestly. Don't even believe you. I feel like dudes have tried to kiss you.
I feel like you've probably been kissed on the mouth by more with.
Uh, a couple of women had tried to kiss me, but it's not threatening. You know,
that's the difference is that danger.
Into it just cause you.
Know, it's not dangerous. Like they can't really rape me.
You know what I'm saying?
I feel threatened on your behalf, but I respect your right to feel safe.
Thank you for I'm glad that you.
Safe feeling threatened on my behalf,
but my point is like a woman is not physically scary to me where a man is
physically scary to a woman here. It goes deep info. Uh, okay,
here it goes 12 million per day while I'm way off. Yeah,
that's just for Disneyland. 12 billion per day.
Based on 2000 God, I was like 300 million Corona virus closures,
cost Disneyland, 7.9 million per day and Disneyland, California adventure.
4.1 million per day.
Yeah, it's in.
Orlando. So when you start adding it all up,
it starts getting to be Disney world in Florida lost 25 million per day.
It's way bigger though. Oh, interesting. Magic kingdom. 8.8 million per day,
animal kingdom, 5.8 million per day.
Epcot 5.2 and Hollywood studios. 4.8. Oh,
okay. I was way off. I was going to go with a billion a day. How about that?
So what is it 14. Is that what it said? 14 million today.
That's still a shitload of money. Add that over 365 days.
And you got a lot of cheddar. So that's three, 250 million a week.
Yeah. Yeah. That's billions billions of dollars.
Just because someone told them they have to shut that. I mean,
they would have definitely lost money period.
There's no way to not lose some money. Everybody lost some money,
but to lose that much money is just from.
Well, and then if you think about those workers,
think about how much they could possibly be collecting an
unemployment. And it's gotta be a hundred bucks a week. I mean,
it's gotta be so low if they were minimum wage workers,
because you just get a fraction of that.
And where can you live on a hundred bucks a week? Like where can you pay rent?
What room can you, what closet can you rent?
I'm not talking about having your own apartment. I'm saying like,
where can you live for that amount of money? You.
Can't, you can't, you have to live your parents and you have to hope they,
they can pay their mortgage. It's interesting.
Like what we just did there is basically what's happening in California in terms
of fear of COVID like when there's a person
that ramps it up so high, like a hundred million dollars a day,
you came in 50 million a day, right? That was your estimate.
After I came in with a hundred million a day. But meanwhile, we're both way off.
Like that's in a sense, like what in California, everyone's like,
we're all going to die. Everyone's going to die. And then if you're reasonable,
you're like, no, only like 30% of us are gonna die. And then you're like,
wait a minute. It's not even that 30% would be wild.
That's what I like the bubonic plague killed. Well,
that was what a lot of people were seriously worried about.
I've had people express to me today that 5% of people that get COVID die.
I'm like, bro, that's not possible. That's not true. It's not true.
It's less than 1%.
And then you also have the problem of die from COVID or die with
COVID because most people who die have an average of 2.6
comorbidities. And I think they've recently elevated that.
I think it's more than that now,
which means they have either diabetes or some other cancer, some,
some other disease that makes, makes them extremely vulnerable.
Then they get COVID and then he dive.
It doesn't mean you should minimize the fact that they died and COVID definitely
killed them because if it wasn't for COVID,
they would have probably stayed alive,
but they were not doing good already catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan
experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.